Chun Fan. Do you still remember that you saved me when I was little?
Can't remember. It doesn’t matter if you don’t remember.
Anyway, I found you now. And I'm still married.
If you are because Li Chunfan saved your life when you were a child,
So I like him. Then I may disappoint you.
because. I don't quite understand.
But I like you now. No matter who you are.
No matter your name is Li Chunfan or Li Chunfan.
It doesn't even matter. How do you know my name is Li Chunfan?
You were drunk last time. tell me,
Let's go in. It's so exciting.
yes. Later, I have to worry about it.
Li Chunfan.
Be a little more careful when you speak
I'm married, what are you afraid of?
By the way, Wanrou
Why don't you give me a try and catch the purple one?
Can we men learn from this?
Which of you men pays for what?
That strong man not only bullies women
Still bullying us
He steals all the melons in my family every day.
We can't even fight
I can only swallow my anger and act
Boxing is inherently weak
Used to protect oneself
Regardless of gender